feat!: Support only sending a subset of the fields to OPA (#49)
stackabletech/hdfs-utils: README.md

- Set `dfs.namenode.inode.attributes.provider.class` in `hdfs-site.xml` to `tech.stackable.hadoop.StackableAuthorizer`
- Set `hadoop.security.authorization.opa.policy.url` in `core-site.xml` to the HTTP endpoint of your OPA rego rule, e.g. `http://opa.default.svc.cluster.local:8081/v1/data/hdfs/allow`

> - The property `hadoop.security.authorization.opa.extended-requests` (defaults to `false`), which controls if all fields should be sent to OPA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The property `hadoop.security.authorization.opa.extended-requests` (defaults to `false`) controls if all fields (`true`) should be sent to OPA or only a subset
```

- Set `dfs.namenode.inode.attributes.provider.class` in `hdfs-site.xml` to `tech.stackable.hadoop.StackableAuthorizer`
- Set `hadoop.security.authorization.opa.policy.url` in `core-site.xml` to the HTTP endpoint of your OPA rego rule, e.g. `http://opa.default.svc.cluster.local:8081/v1/data/hdfs/allow`

> - The property `hadoop.security.authorization.opa.extended-requests` (defaults to `false`), which controls if all fields should be send to OPA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The property `hadoop.security.authorization.opa.extended-requests` (defaults to `false`), which controls if all fields should be sent to OPA.
```

Reviewer: This needs documentation somewhere which fields it will always send.

Author: Please have a look at e2124091afadeab7a22f7f5ab155e1628fce0779
